Multi trunk based development (Pando) (#23)
ScaledAgileDevOps/SADMF: content/Practices/_index.md

{{< figure src="/images/fractal-based-development-sm.png" title="Fractal-based Development" >}}

## Multi-Trunk Based Development (Pando)

> Trunk Based Development is a standard in current software development practice, but limits the ability to maintain multiple concurrent long-living branches.To enable scaling and Fractal-based Development we introduce Multi-Trunk Based Development. Taking inspiration from Pando tree, SADMF can have an endless amount of trunks with green branches and leaves. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trunk Based Development is a standard in current software development practice, but limits the ability to maintain multiple concurrent long-living branches. To enable scaling and Fractal-based Development, we introduce Multi-Trunk Based Development. Taking inspiration from Pando tree, we can have an endless number of trunks with green branches and leaves. 
```
